---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_agent_ingress Data Source - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to look up an agent ingress by ID or domain.
---

# ngrok_agent_ingress (Data Source)

Use this data source to look up an agent ingress by ID or domain.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ngrok_agent_ingress" "example" {
  id = "ag_2example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The domain of the agent ingress. Provide either id or domain.
- `id` (String) Unique agent ingress resource identifier. Provide either id or domain.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_management_policy` (Attributes) Configuration for automatic management of TLS certificates for this domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_management_policy))
- `created_at` (String) timestamp when the Agent Ingress was created, RFC 3339 format
- `description` (String) human-readable description of the use of this Agent Ingress. optional, max 255 bytes.
- `metadata` (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this Agent Ingress. optional, max 4096 bytes
- `ns_targets` (List of String) a list of target values to use as the values of NS records for the domain property these values will delegate control over the domain to ngrok
- `region_domains` (List of String) a list of regional agent ingress domains that are subdomains of the value of domain this value may increase over time as ngrok adds more regions
- `uri` (String) URI to the API resource of this Agent ingress

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_management_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_management_policy`

Read-Only:

- `authority` (String) Certificate authority to request certificates from.
- `private_key_type` (String) Type of private key to use when requesting certificates.
