---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_event_destination Data Source - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to look up an event destination by ID.
---

# ngrok_event_destination (Data Source)

Use this data source to look up an event destination by ID.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ngrok_event_destination" "example" {
  id = "ed_2example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique event destination resource identifier.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the Event Destination was created, RFC 3339 format.
- `description` (String) Human-readable description of the Event Destination. Optional, max 255 bytes.
- `format` (String) The output format you would like to serialize events into when sending to their target. Currently the only accepted value is `JSON`.
- `metadata` (String) Arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this Event Destination. Optional, max 4096 bytes.
- `target` (Attributes) An object that encapsulates where and how to send your events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `uri` (String) URI of the Event Destination API resource.

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Read-Only:

- `azure_logs_ingestion` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Azure Logs Ingestion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--azure_logs_ingestion))
- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs))
- `datadog` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Datadog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--datadog))
- `firehose` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose))
- `kinesis` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon Kinesis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis))

<a id="nestedatt--target--azure_logs_ingestion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.azure_logs_ingestion`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret.
- `data_collection_rule_id` (String) Data collection rule ID.
- `data_collection_stream_name` (String) Data collection stream name.
- `logs_ingestion_uri` (String) Logs ingestion URI.
- `tenant_id` (String) Tenant ID for the Azure account.


<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth))
- `log_group_arn` (String) CloudWatch Logs group ARN.

<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth`

Read-Only:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth.creds`

Read-Only:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth.role`

Read-Only:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role.




<a id="nestedatt--target--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.datadog`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog API key.
- `ddsite` (String) Datadog site.
- `ddtags` (String) Tags to send with the event.
- `service` (String) Service name.


<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth))
- `delivery_stream_arn` (String) Firehose delivery stream ARN.

<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth`

Read-Only:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth.creds`

Read-Only:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth.role`

Read-Only:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role.




<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis`

Read-Only:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth))
- `stream_arn` (String) Kinesis stream ARN.

<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth`

Read-Only:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth.creds`

Read-Only:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth.role`

Read-Only:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role.
