---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_reserved_domain Data Source - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to look up a reserved domain by ID or domain name.
---

# ngrok_reserved_domain (Data Source)

Use this data source to look up a reserved domain by ID or domain name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup by ID
data "ngrok_reserved_domain" "by_id" {
  id = "rd_2example"
}

# Lookup by domain name
data "ngrok_reserved_domain" "by_name" {
  domain = "app.example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Hostname of the reserved domain. Provide either id or domain.
- `id` (String) Unique reserved domain resource identifier. Provide either id or domain.

### Read-Only

- `acme_challenge_cname_target` (String) DNS CNAME target for the host _acme-challenge.example.com, where example.com is your reserved domain name. This is required to issue certificates for wildcard, non-ngrok reserved domains. Must be null for non-wildcard domains and ngrok subdomains.
- `certificate_id` (String) ID of a user-uploaded TLS certificate used for connections to this domain.
- `certificate_management_policy` (Attributes) Configuration for automatic management of TLS certificates for this domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_management_policy))
- `cname_target` (String) DNS CNAME target for a custom hostname, or null if the reserved domain is a subdomain of an ngrok owned domain (e.g. *.ngrok.app)
- `created_at` (String) timestamp when the reserved domain was created, RFC 3339 format
- `description` (String) human-readable description of what this reserved domain will be used for
- `metadata` (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this reserved domain. Optional, max 4096 bytes.
- `region` (String) deprecated: With the launch of the ngrok Global Network domains traffic is now handled globally. This field applied only to endpoints. Note that agents may still connect to specific regions. Optional, null by default. (au, eu, ap, us, jp, in, sa)
- `resolves_to` (List of String) A list of ngrok point-of-presence shortcodes (or "global") that the domain resolves to.
- `uri` (String) URI of the reserved domain API resource

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_management_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_management_policy`

Read-Only:

- `authority` (String) Certificate authority to request certificates from.
- `private_key_type` (String) Type of private key to use when requesting certificates.
