---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_ssh_user_certificate Data Source - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to look up an SSH User Certificate by ID.
---

# ngrok_ssh_user_certificate (Data Source)

Use this data source to look up an SSH User Certificate by ID.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ngrok_ssh_user_certificate" "example" {
  id = "sshuc_2example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) a resource identifier

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (String) the signed SSH certificate in OpenSSH Authorized Keys Format. this value should be placed in a `-cert.pub` certificate file on disk that should be referenced in your `sshd_config` configuration file with a `HostCertificate` directive
- `created_at` (String) timestamp when the SSH User Certificate API resource was created, RFC 3339 format
- `critical_options` (Map of String) A map of critical options included in the certificate.
- `description` (String) human-readable description of this SSH User Certificate. optional, max 255 bytes.
- `extensions` (Map of String) A map of extensions included in the certificate.
- `key_type` (String) the key type of the `public_key`, one of `rsa`, `ecdsa` or `ed25519`
- `metadata` (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this SSH User Certificate. optional, max 4096 bytes.
- `principals` (List of String) the list of principals included in the ssh user certificate. This is the list of usernames that the certificate holder may sign in as on a machine authorizing the signing certificate authority. Dangerously, if no principals are specified, this certificate may be used to log in as any user.
- `public_key` (String) a public key in OpenSSH Authorized Keys format that this certificate signs
- `ssh_certificate_authority_id` (String) the ssh certificate authority that is used to sign this ssh user certificate
- `uri` (String) URI of the SSH User Certificate API resource
- `valid_after` (String) the time when the ssh host certificate becomes valid, in RFC 3339 format.
- `valid_until` (String) the time after which the ssh host certificate becomes invalid, in RFC 3339 format. the OpenSSH certificates RFC calls this `valid_before`.
