---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_event_destination Resource - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ngrok_event_destination (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ngrok_event_destination" "example" {
  description = "Send events to Amazon Kinesis Firehose"
  metadata    = jsonencode({ environment = "production" })
  format      = "json"

  target = {
    firehose = {
      delivery_stream_arn = "arn:aws:firehose:us-east-1:123456789012:deliverystream/ngrok-events"
      auth = {
        role = {
          role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/ngrok-firehose"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) Human-readable description of the Event Destination. Optional, max 255 bytes.
- `format` (String) The output format you would like to serialize events into when sending to their target. Currently the only accepted value is `JSON`.
- `metadata` (String) Arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this Event Destination. Optional, max 4096 bytes.
- `target` (Attributes) An object that encapsulates where and how to send your events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the Event Destination was created, RFC 3339 format.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this Event Destination.
- `uri` (String) URI of the Event Destination API resource.

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Optional:

- `azure_logs_ingestion` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Azure Logs Ingestion. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--azure_logs_ingestion))
- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs))
- `datadog` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Datadog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--datadog))
- `firehose` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose))
- `kinesis` (Attributes) Configuration used to send events to Amazon Kinesis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis))

<a id="nestedatt--target--azure_logs_ingestion"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.azure_logs_ingestion`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client ID for the application client.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret for the application client.
- `data_collection_rule_id` (String) Data collection rule immutable ID.
- `data_collection_stream_name` (String) Data collection stream name to use as destination.
- `logs_ingestion_uri` (String) Data collection endpoint logs ingestion URI.
- `tenant_id` (String) Tenant ID for the Azure account.


<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs`

Required:

- `log_group_arn` (String) An Amazon Resource Name specifying the CloudWatch Logs group.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth`

Optional:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account if you prefer ngrok to sign in with long-term access keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth.creds`

Required:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.

Optional:

- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--cloudwatch_logs--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.cloudwatch_logs.auth.role`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role that ngrok should use to deliver to the configured target.




<a id="nestedatt--target--datadog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.datadog`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog API key to use.
- `ddsite` (String) Datadog site to send event to.
- `ddtags` (String) Tags to send with the event.
- `service` (String) Service name to send with the event.


<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose`

Required:

- `delivery_stream_arn` (String) An Amazon Resource Name specifying the Firehose delivery stream.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth`

Optional:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account if you prefer ngrok to sign in with long-term access keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth.creds`

Required:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.

Optional:

- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--firehose--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.firehose.auth.role`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role that ngrok should use to deliver to the configured target.




<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis`

Required:

- `stream_arn` (String) An Amazon Resource Name specifying the Kinesis stream.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configuration for how to authenticate into your AWS account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth`

Optional:

- `creds` (Attributes) Credentials to your AWS account if you prefer ngrok to sign in with long-term access keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--creds))
- `role` (Attributes) A role for ngrok to assume on your behalf. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--role))

<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--creds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth.creds`

Required:

- `aws_access_key_id` (String) The ID portion of an AWS access key.

Optional:

- `aws_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret portion of an AWS access key.


<a id="nestedatt--target--kinesis--auth--role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target.kinesis.auth.role`

Required:

- `role_arn` (String) An ARN that specifies the role that ngrok should use to deliver to the configured target.
