---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_kubernetes_operator Resource - terraform-provider-ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  KubernetesOperators is used by the Kubernetes Operator to register and
   manage its own resource, as well as for users to see active kubernetes
   clusters.
---

# ngrok_kubernetes_operator (Resource)

KubernetesOperators is used by the Kubernetes Operator to register and
 manage its own resource, as well as for users to see active kubernetes
 clusters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Code generated for API Clients. DO NOT EDIT.


resource "ngrok_kubernetes_operator" "example" {
  deployment {
    name = "ngrok-operator"
    namespace = "ngrok-operator"
    version = "0.12.2"
  }
  description = "Created by ngrok-operator"
  enabled_features = [ "Ingress", "Bindings" ]
  metadata = "{\"namespace.uid\":\"9663c1aa-10e4-4933-8576-398a49a5caf6\",\"owned-by\":\"ngrok-operator\"}"
  region = "global"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **binding** (Block Set) information about the Bindings feature of this Kubernetes Operator, if enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--binding))
- **deployment** (Block Set) information about the deployment of this Kubernetes Operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deployment))
- **description** (String) human-readable description of this Kubernetes Operator. optional, max 255 bytes.
- **enabled_features** (List of String) features enabled for this Kubernetes Operator. a subset of {"bindings", "ingress", and "gateway"}
- **metadata** (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this Kubernetes Operator. optional, max 4096 bytes.
- **region** (String) the ngrok region in which the ingress for this operator is served. defaults to "global"

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) unique identifier for this Kubernetes Operator
- **principal** (Set of Object) the principal who created this Kubernetes Operator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--principal))

<a id="nestedblock--binding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `binding`

Optional:

- **allowed_urls** (List of String) the regexes for urls allowed to be bound to this operator
- **ingress_endpoint** (String) the public ingress endpoint for this Kubernetes Operator
- **name** (String) the name by which endpoints can be bound to this Kubernetes Operator. starts with "k8s/"

Read-Only:

- **cert** (Set of Object) the binding certificate information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--binding--cert))

<a id="nestedatt--binding--cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `binding.cert`

Read-Only:

- **cert** (String)



<a id="nestedblock--deployment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment`

Optional:

- **cluster_name** (String) user-given name for the cluster the Kubernetes Operator is deployed to
- **name** (String) the deployment name
- **namespace** (String) the namespace this Kubernetes Operator is deployed to
- **version** (String) the version of this Kubernetes Operator


<a id="nestedatt--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `principal`

Read-Only:

- **id** (String)
- **uri** (String)


