---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_ssh_credential Resource - terraform-provider-ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ngrok_ssh_credential (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ngrok_ssh_credential" "example" {
  acl = [ "bind:1.tcp.ngrok.io:20002", "bind:132.devices.company.com" ]
  description = "for device #132"
  public_key = "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDmGS49FkSODAcKhn3+/47DW2zEn19BZvzRQ8RZjL3v6hCIX2qXfsFK35EGxNI0wV23H4xXC2gVRPHKU71YnCb50tad3yMBTM6+2yfGsEDasEH/anmBLclChKvuGiT547RskZlpbAbdq3GvbzmY+R/2EBRMOiObpc8XmSzKAd05j28kqN0+rZO65SWId0MXdvJdSCSAnuRqBNd/aXKlu8hBPDcgwbT2lMkuR+ApoBS2FLRBOiQyt2Ol0T7Uuf7lTLlazpGB3uTw5zFYUNXkuuI6cAP8QYuY1Bne/hNrG8t3Aw9a1yc2C4Fz1hJ/4OMRxTQ8SUQf+Rmxs8DryMlMFJ8r device132@example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **acl** (List of String) optional list of ACL rules. If unspecified, the credential will have no restrictions. The only allowed ACL rule at this time is the `bind` rule. The `bind` rule allows the caller to restrict what domains and addresses the token is allowed to bind. For example, to allow the token to open a tunnel on example.ngrok.io your ACL would include the rule `bind:example.ngrok.io`. Bind rules may specify a leading wildcard to match multiple domains with a common suffix. For example, you may specify a rule of `bind:*.example.com` which will allow `x.example.com`, `y.example.com`, `*.example.com`, etc. A rule of `'*'` is equivalent to no acl at all and will explicitly permit all actions.
- **created_at** (String) timestamp when the ssh credential was created, RFC 3339 format
- **description** (String) human-readable description of who or what will use the ssh credential to authenticate. Optional, max 255 bytes.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **metadata** (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this ssh credential. Optional, max 4096 bytes.
- **ngrok_id** (String) unique ssh credential resource identifier
- **public_key** (String) the PEM-encoded public key of the SSH keypair that will be used to authenticate
- **uri** (String) URI of the ssh credential API resource


