---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_ssh_host_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SSH Host Certificates along with the corresponding private key allows an SSH
   server to assert its authenticity to connecting SSH clients who trust the
   SSH Certificate Authority that was used to sign the certificate.
---

# ngrok_ssh_host_certificate (Resource)

SSH Host Certificates along with the corresponding private key allows an SSH
 server to assert its authenticity to connecting SSH clients who trust the
 SSH Certificate Authority that was used to sign the certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ngrok_ssh_host_certificate" "example" {
  description = "personal server"
  principals = [ "inconshreveable.com", "10.2.42.9" ]
  public_key = "ecdsa-sha2-nistp256 AAAAE2VjZHNhLXNoYTItbmlzdHAyNTYAAAAIbmlzdHAyNTYAAABBBI3oSgxrOEJ+tIJ/n6VYtxQIFvynqlOHpfOAJ4x4OfmMYDkbf8dr6RAuUSf+ZC2HMCujta7EjZ9t+6v08Ue+Cgk= inconshreveable.com"
  ssh_certificate_authority_id = "sshca_25auH7sr0BYJFNyfJUwXPzyyFAz"
  valid_until = "2022-05-26T08:23:47Z"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **public_key** (String) a public key in OpenSSH Authorized Keys format that this certificate signs
- **ssh_certificate_authority_id** (String) the ssh certificate authority that is used to sign this ssh host certificate

### Optional

- **certificate** (String) the signed SSH certificate in OpenSSH Authorized Keys format. this value should be placed in a `-cert.pub` certificate file on disk that should be referenced in your `sshd_config` configuration file with a `HostCertificate` directive
- **description** (String) human-readable description of this SSH Host Certificate. optional, max 255 bytes.
- **id** (String) unique identifier for this SSH Host Certificate
- **key_type** (String) the key type of the `public_key`, one of `rsa`, `ecdsa` or `ed25519`
- **metadata** (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this SSH Host Certificate. optional, max 4096 bytes.
- **principals** (List of String) the list of principals included in the ssh host certificate. This is the list of hostnames and/or IP addresses that are authorized to serve SSH traffic with this certificate. Dangerously, if no principals are specified, this certificate is considered valid for all hosts.
- **valid_after** (String) the time when the ssh host certificate becomes valid, in RFC 3339 format.
- **valid_until** (String) the time after which the ssh host certificate becomes invalid, in RFC 3339 format. the OpenSSH certificates RFC calls this `valid_before`.


