---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ngrok_tls_certificate Resource - ngrok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ngrok_tls_certificate (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ngrok_tls_certificate" "example" {
  certificate_pem = file("${path.module}/cert.pem")
  private_key_pem = file("${path.module}/key.pem")
  description     = "TLS certificate for app.example.com"
  metadata        = jsonencode({ environment = "production" })
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_pem` (String) chain of PEM-encoded certificates, leaf first. See [Certificate Bundles](https://ngrok.com/docs/cloud-edge/endpoints#certificate-chains).
- `private_key_pem` (String, Sensitive) private key for the TLS certificate, PEM-encoded. See [Private Keys](https://ngrok.com/docs/cloud-edge/endpoints#private-keys).

### Optional

- `description` (String) human-readable description of this TLS certificate. optional, max 255 bytes.
- `metadata` (String) arbitrary user-defined machine-readable data of this TLS certificate. optional, max 4096 bytes.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) timestamp when the TLS certificate was created, RFC 3339 format
- `extended_key_usages` (List of String) extended set of actions the private key of this TLS certificate can be used for
- `id` (String) unique identifier for this TLS certificate
- `issued_at` (String) timestamp (in RFC 3339 format) when this TLS certificate was issued automatically, or null if this certificate was user-uploaded
- `issuer_common_name` (String) issuer common name from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `key_usages` (List of String) set of actions the private key of this TLS certificate can be used for
- `not_after` (String) timestamp when this TLS certificate becomes invalid, RFC 3339 format
- `not_before` (String) timestamp when this TLS certificate becomes valid, RFC 3339 format
- `private_key_type` (String) type of the private key of this TLS certificate. One of rsa, ecdsa, or ed25519.
- `serial_number` (String) serial number of the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_alternative_names` (Attributes) Subject alternative names (SANs) from the leaf of this TLS certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subject_alternative_names))
- `subject_common_name` (String) subject common name from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_country` (String) subject country from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_locality` (String) subject locality from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_organization` (String) subject organization from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_organizational_unit` (String) subject organizational unit from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `subject_province` (String) subject province from the leaf of this TLS certificate
- `uri` (String) URI of the TLS certificate API resource

<a id="nestedatt--subject_alternative_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subject_alternative_names`

Read-Only:

- `dns_names` (List of String) Set of additional domains (including wildcards) this TLS certificate is valid for.
- `ips` (List of String) Set of IP addresses this TLS certificate is also valid for.
